wi: new endpoint for listing workload attached ACL policies (#25588)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/acl/policy/self.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: 'nomad acl policy self command reference'
description: >
  The `nomad acl policy self` command fetches information about the currently set access control list (ACL) policies attached to the workload.
---

# `nomad acl policy self` command reference

> The `acl policy self` command is used to fetch information about the currently
> set ACL policies attached to the workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nomad acl policy self` command fetches information about the currently
set ACL policies attached to the workload.
```

Style nit: use active voice

## Usage

```plaintext
nomad acl policy self [options]
```

## General options

@include 'general_options_no_namespace.mdx'

## Self options

- `-json` : Output the ACL policies in a JSON format.

- `-t` : Format and display the ACL policies using a Go template.

## Examples

> Fetch information about an existing ACL policies attached to the workload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch information about an existing ACL policies attached to the workload.
```

FYI the style guide wants us to [introduce a code block with a descriptive, imperative sentence that ends with a period](https://github.com/hashicorp/tutorials/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#code-blocks).
